# Stock-Price-Prediction-Using-Tweets
Stock investment is an important way for many people to grow their wealth. However, market downturns can cause huge losses and need to be predicted for a timely sell. News is an important source of signal for stock price movement. Twitter is a great source for breaking news, and provides a timely stream of signals on stock trends. News on Twitter also tends to have a great impact on the market due to the large number of Twitter users. In this project, stock price data and tweets about the Tesla company are used for predicting Tesla (TSLA) company’s stock price. Performed data pre-processing and combined the stock price and tweet data. Sentiment scores are calculated for all the tweets. Built a GRU with sentiment score, LSTM without sentiment scores, LSTM with sentiment scores, LSTM with a time series model and predicted the stock price of Tesla. Evaluated the models with different evaluation metrics which resulted in LSTM with sentiment scores performing well.<br><br>
For improvisation, BERT models were used to extract informative features on stock price direction from Twitter news. The BERT model, which is then used as covariates to a GRU model that also utilizes historical stock prices to predict the direction of future stock price. Utilizing a carefully curated stock news dataset, we fine-tune BERT to effectively identify those news tweets that are relevant, and to extract NLP features that are indicative of price rises and falls. Built a GRU model with BERT and the results are great when compared to the normal GRU model without BERT.
